---
layout: default-md
title: Terms of service
description: Legal terms and conditions for using Lean20 services
---

<h4 class="text-xs-center">LEAN20 TERMS OF SERVICE</h4>
<br/>
Thank you for your interest in Lean20, LLC ("**Lean20**") and our website at lean20.com (the "**Site**"), as well as all related applications, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Terms of Service is displayed (collectively, together the "**Lean20 Services**").

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF SERVICE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE LEAN20 SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING THE LEAN20 PRIVACY POLICY INCORPORATED HEREIN (COLLECTIVELY, THIS "**AGREEMENT**"). If you are not eligible (as set forth below), or do not agree to this Agreement, then you may not use the Lean20 Services.

**1. ELIGIBILITY**<br/>
You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Lean20 Services. If you are using the Lean20 Services on behalf of an entity, organization, or company (an "**Organization**"), then you are agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of that Organization, which is the "Subscriber" under this Agreement, and you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such Organization to this Agreement.

**2. ACCOUNT REGISTRATION**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">2.1 <u>Registration</u>. To use the Lean20 Services, Subscriber must register for an account. When you register, you will need to provide us with some information such as your name, company name, email address, or other contact information. You agree that the information you provide to us is accurate and that you will keep it up to date at all times.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">2.2 <u>Access Credentials</u>. When you register, you will be asked to provide a password. Subscriber will be able to add employees of Subscriber (or one of its affiliates) as authorized to use the Lean20 Services ("**Authorized Users**") who will each have a unique user account and password for the Lean20 Services. Each authorized user must have their own access credentials and sharing access credentials with multiple users is prohibited. Subscriber is solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all account information and passwords, and Subscriber accepts responsibility for all activities that occur under its accounts.</span>

**3. USE OF THE LEAN20 SERVICES**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">3.1 <u>Use of the Lean20 Services</u>. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Lean20 grants to Subscriber a limited, worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as permitted in Section 12.2), revocable right during the term of this Agreement to use the Lean20 Services. Lean20 may modify the Lean20 Services at any time, including, without limitation, by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the Lean20 Services, without notice to Subscriber. Lean20 will have no liability on account of any change to the Lean20 Services.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">3.2 <u>Use Restrictions</u>. Except as otherwise explicitly provided in this Agreement or as may be expressly permitted by applicable law, Subscriber will not, and will not permit or authorize third parties to: (a) reproduce, modify, translate, enhance, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or create derivative works of the Lean20 Services; (b) rent, lease, or otherwise permit third parties to use the Lean20 Services; (c) use the Lean20 Services to provide services to third parties (e.g., as a service bureau); nor (d) circumvent or disable any security or other technological features or measures of the Lean20 Services.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">3.3 <u>Prohibited Conduct</u>. BY USING THE LEAN20 SERVICES, SUBSCRIBER AGREES NOT TO:</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(a) use the Lean20 Services for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any law;</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(b) violate, or encourage others to violate, the rights of third parties, including by infringing or misappropriating third-party intellectual property rights;</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(c) post, upload, or distribute any content that is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate, or that a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, profane, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate;</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(d) collect, manage, or process Sensitive Information. "Sensitive Information" means credit or debit card numbers; personal financial account information; Social Security numbers or local equivalents; passport numbers; driver's license numbers or similar identifiers; passwords; racial or ethnic origin; physical or mental health condition or information; or other employment, financial or health information, including any information subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and other regulations; and any information defined under EU data protection laws as 'Sensitive Personal Data'.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(e) interfere with security-related features of the Lean20 Services; or</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(f) attempt to do any of the foregoing in this Section 3.3, or assist or permit any persons in engaging or attempting to engage in any of the activities described in this Section 3.3.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">3.4 <u>Third-Party Services and Linked Websites</u>. Lean20 provides tools that enable the automatic export and sync of information to third-party services, including features that allow Subscriber to connect the Subscriber's account with an account on the third-party platform. By using these tools, Subscriber agrees that we may transfer such information to the applicable third-party service. Such third-party services are not under our control, and we are not responsible for their use of Subscriber's exported information.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">3.5 <u>Ownership; Proprietary Rights</u>. The Lean20 Services are owned and operated by Lean20. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Lean20 Services (the "**Materials**") provided by Lean20 are protected by all relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights and applicable laws. All Materials contained in the Lean20 Services are the property of Lean20 or its third-party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by Lean20, Subscriber may not make use of the Materials. Lean20 reserves all rights to the Materials not granted expressly in this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">3.6 <u>Feedback</u>. If Subscriber provides any feedback to Lean20 concerning the functionality or performance of the Lean20 Services (including identifying potential errors or improvements), Subscriber hereby grants to Lean20 a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferrable, royalty-free, worldwide license (with right to grant sublicenses through multiple tiers) in and to the feedback, and Lean20 is free to use the feedback without payment or restriction.</span><br/>

**4. FEES AND PAYMENT**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">4.1 <u>Fees and Payment Terms</u>. To use the Lean20 Services, Subscriber must pay all applicable fees. You will have an opportunity to review and accept any fees by executing a Service Order, or as part of Lean20's online checkout process. All fees are in U.S. Dollars and are non-cancelable and non-refundable. Unless otherwise agreed by Lean20, all fees must be paid in advance of the subscription period by credit card.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(a) <u>Authorization</u>. Subscriber authorizes Lean20 to charge all sums for the orders that Subscriber makes and any level of Lean20 Services you select as described in this Agreement or published by Lean20, to the payment method specified in your account.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(b) <u>Subscription Service</u>. Paid accounts may require automatic recurring payments. The subscription will continue unless and until you cancel or we terminate it. You must cancel before it renews in order to prevent billing for the subsequent period. We will bill the subscription to the payment method you provide to us during registration (or to a different method if you change it). You may cancel a subscription in your account settings or by contacting hello@lean20.com.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-3">(c) <u>Delinquent Accounts</u>. Lean20 may suspend or terminate access to the Lean20 Services for any account for which any amount is due but unpaid.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">4.2 <u>Taxes</u>. Other than net income taxes imposed on Lean20, Subscriber will bear all taxes, duties, and other governmental charges (collectively, "taxes") resulting from this Agreement.</span>

**5. TERM AND TERMINATION**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">5.1 <u>Term</u>. This Agreement will commence upon the Effective Date and continue for the initial term specified when in Subscriber's Service Order or online checkout process, unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed by Lean20, this Agreement will automatically renew for additional successive terms of equal length to the initial term unless at least 30 days before the end of the then-current term either party provides written notice to the other party that it does not want to renew.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">5.2 <u>Termination by Subscriber</u>. Subscriber may terminate this Agreement at any time by cancelling Subscriber's account via the account settings tab or by emailing hello@lean20.com from the email address associated with the Subscriber's account.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">5.3 <u>Termination of Use; Discontinuation and Modification of the Lean20 Services</u>. Lean20 may suspend your access to the Lean20 Services or terminate this Agreement, in its sole discretion, at any time if: (a) you breach this Agreement; (b) you misuse the Lean20 Services; or (c) allowing you to access or use the Lean20 Services would violate any applicable local, state, federal or other laws, rules and regulations, or would expose Lean20 to legal liability. We will use reasonable efforts to provide you notice of any such suspension or termination. You agree that Lean20 shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any such suspension or termination.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">5.4 <u>Post-Termination Obligations</u>. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason: (a) Subscriber's license rights will terminate and Subscriber must immediately cease all use of the Lean20 Services; (b) Subscriber will no longer have access to its account; (c) Subscriber must pay Lean20 any unpaid amount that was due prior to termination; and (d) all payment obligations accrued prior to termination and Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.5, 3.6, 4, 5.4, 6.2, and 7 through 12 and all other sections which by their nature should survive.</span>

**6. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">6.1 <u>Subscriber Warranties</u>. Subscriber represents and warrants to Lean20 that: (a) Subscriber will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in connection with its use of the Lean20 Services; (b) Subscriber has all rights and licenses necessary (including with respect to any and all third-party platforms used by Subscriber in connection with the Lean20 Services) for Lean20 to provide the Lean20 Services to Subscriber and to otherwise grant the rights granted to Lean20 under this Agreement; (c) Subscriber has the right to consent to the use of the Lean20 Services on behalf of all users of the Lean20 Services through Subscriber's account; and (d) no manual, policy, contract or other documentation of Subscriber creates any expectation of privacy or contains any statements or terms in any way contrary to Subscriber's and its Authorized Users' use of the Lean20 Services contemplated in this Agreement, and no user of the Lean20 Services through Subscriber's account, has an expectation contrary to the use of the Lean20 Services contemplated in this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">6.2 <u>Disclaimer</u>. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES STATED IN THIS SECTION 6, LEAN20 MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED (EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW), OR STATUTORY, AS TO ANY MATTER. Lean20 EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUALITY, ACCURACY, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. LEAN20 DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH THE ENJOYMENT OF THE LEAN20 SERVICES. LEAN20 DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE LEAN20 SERVICES ARE ERROR-FREE OR THAT OPERATION OF THE LEAN20 SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED. LEAN20 DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE LEAN20 SERVICES IS ACCURATE OR COMPLETE OR THAT ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE LEAN20 SERVICES WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE. LEAN20 EXERCISES NO CONTROL OVER AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THE RESULTS OF SUBSCRIBER'S USE OF THE LEAN20 SERVICES.</span>

**7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">7.1 <u>Defense of Infringement Claims</u>. Lean20 will, at its expense, either defend Subscriber from or settle any claim, proceeding, or suit ("**Claim**") brought by a third-party against Subscriber alleging that Subscriber's use of the Lean20 Services infringes or misappropriates any intellectual property right during the term of this Agreement if: (a) Subscriber gives Lean20 prompt written notice of the Claim; (b) Subscriber grants Lean20 full and complete control over the defense and settlement of the Claim; (c) Subscriber provides assistance in connection with the defense and settlement of the Claim as Lean20 may reasonably request; and (d) Subscriber complies with any settlement or court order made in connection with the Claim (e.g., relating to the future use of any infringing Lean20 Services). Subscriber will not defend or settle any Claim without Lean20's prior written consent. Subscriber will have the right to participate in the defense of the Claim with counsel of its own choosing, but Lean20 will have sole control over the defense and settlement of the Claim.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">7.2 <u>Indemnification of Infringement Claims</u>. Lean20 will indemnify Subscriber from and pay (a) all damages, costs, and attorneys' fees finally awarded against Subscriber in any Claim Lean20 defends pursuant to Section 7.1; (b) all out-of-pocket costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) reasonably incurred by Subscriber in connection with the defense of a Claim under Section 7.1 (other than attorneys' fees and costs incurred without Lean20's consent after Lean20 has accepted defense of the Claim); and (c) all amounts that Lean20 agrees to pay to any third-party to settle any Claim under Section 7.1.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">7.3 <u>Exclusions from Obligations</u>. Lean20 will have no obligation under this Section 8 for any infringement or misappropriation arising out of or based upon (a) use of the Lean20 Services in combination with other products or services if such infringement or misappropriation would not have arisen but for such combination; (b) use of the Lean20 Services by Subscriber for purposes not intended or outside the scope of the license granted to Subscriber; (c) Subscriber's failure to use the Lean20 Services in accordance with instructions provided by Lean20, if the infringement or misappropriation would not have occurred but for such failure; or (d) any modification of the Lean20 Services not made or authorized in writing by Lean20 where such infringement or misappropriation would not have occurred absent such modification.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">7.4 <u>Mitigation</u>. If the Lean20 Services become, or in Lean20's reasonable opinion are likely to become, the subject of an infringement claim, Lean20 may, at its sole option and expense, either (a) procure for Subscriber the right to continue exercising the rights granted to Subscriber in this Agreement, (b) replace or modify the applicable item of the Lean20 Services so that it becomes non-infringing and remains functionally equivalent, or (c) terminate this Agreement and the licenses granted hereunder; except, that Lean20 is not obligated to take any such action, or any corrective or similar action, in respect of the Lean20 Services pursuant to this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">7.5 <u>Limited Remedy</u>. This Section 7 states Lean20's sole and exclusive liability, and Subscriber's sole and exclusive remedy, for the actual or alleged infringement or misappropriation of any third-party intellectual property right by the Lean20 Services.</span>

**8. SUBSCRIBER INDEMNIFICATION**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">8.1 <u>Defense</u>. Subscriber will defend Lean20 from any actual or threatened third-party Claim arising out of or based upon (a) Subscriber's misuse or improper use of the Lean20 Services; or (b) Subscriber's breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement. (c) Subscriber's negligent or intentional misconduct. Lean20 will: (i) give Subscriber prompt written notice of the Claim; (ii) grant Subscriber full and complete control over the defense and settlement of the Claim; (iii) provide assistance in connection with the defense and settlement of the Claim as Subscriber may reasonably request; and (iv) comply with any settlement or court order made in connection with the Claim. Lean20 will have the right to participate in the defense of the Claim at its own expense and with counsel of its own choosing, but Subscriber will have sole control over the defense and settlement of the Claim.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">8.2 <u>Indemnification</u>. Subscriber will indemnify Lean20 from and pay (a) all damages, costs, and attorneys' fees finally awarded against Lean20 in any Claim under Section 9.1; (b) all out-of-pocket costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) reasonably incurred by Lean20 in connection with the defense of a Claim under Section 8.1 (other than attorneys' fees and costs incurred without Subscriber's consent after Subscriber has accepted defense of the Claim); and, (c) all amounts that Subscriber agrees to pay to any third-party to settle any Claim under Section 8.1.</span>

**9. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">9.1 <u>Disclaimer of Indirect Damages</u>. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NO PARTY WILL, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY IS APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">9.2 <u>Cap on Liability</u>. EXCEPT FOR THE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 7 AND SECTION 8, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL EITHER PARTY'S TOTAL LIABILITY OF ALL KINDS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY SUBSCRIBER TO LEAN20 DURING THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE CLAIM (DETERMINED AS OF THE DATE OF ANY FINAL JUDGMENT IN AN ACTION).</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">9.3 <u>Independent Allocations of Risk</u>. EACH PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS OF THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THIS ALLOCATION IS REFLECTED IN THE PRICING OFFERED BY LEAN20 TO SUBSCRIBER AND IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9 WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY IN THIS AGREEMENT.</span>

**10. DATA**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">10.1 <u>Collection of Platform User Data</u>. Subscriber agrees and acknowledges that (a) the Lean20 Services automatically log all user activity conducted on the Lean20 Services, and (b) except for any Subscriber Data, Lean20 owns all right, title and interest in and to this data ("**Services Use Data**"). Lean20 will not publicly disclose any Services Use Data in a manner that would reasonably likely identify Subscriber as being the source of such Services Use Data.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">10.2 <u>User Data</u>. Subscriber owns all right, title and interest in and to the User Data. "User Data" means any data or information provided by Subscriber or accessed by Lean20, in connection with Subscriber's use of the Lean20 Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lean20 receives from Subscriber a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide right and license to access, process, store, and otherwise use anonymous, de-identified data (i.e., in a form that cannot be used itself to identify Subscriber or an individual) for any lawful purpose, including benchmarking, aggregate data scoring services, and validation services.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">10.3 <u>Privacy Policy</u>. Please read the Lean20 Privacy Policy carefully for information relating to our collection, use, storage and disclosure of Subscriber's personal information. The Lean20 Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">10.4 <u>Additional Terms</u>. Subscriber's use of the Lean20 Services is subject to any and all additional terms, policies, rules, or guidelines applicable to the Lean20 Services or certain features of the Lean20 Services that Lean20 may post on or link to on the Lean20 Services (the "**Additional Terms**"), such as rules applicable to particular features or content on the Lean20 Services. All such Additional Terms are hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, this Agreement.</span>

**11. PRIVACY POLICY**<br/>
Please read the Lean20 Privacy Policy (available at <a href="https://lean20.com/legal/privacy-policy.html">https://lean20.com/legal/privacy-policy.html</a>)for information relating to our collection, use, storage and disclosure of Subscriber's personal information. The Lean20 Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, this Agreement.

**12. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**<br/>
Both Parties will retain in confidence all information disclosed by the other party that is designated at the time of disclosure as proprietary or confidential ("Confidential Information"). Contact Data is Subscriber's Confidential Information. Pricing information and product roadmap information is Lean20's Confidential Information. Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is or becomes generally known to the public through no fault of or breach of this Agreement; (b) is rightfully known at the time of disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality; (c) is independently developed by either party without use of or reference to Confidential Information; or (d) is rightfully obtained from a third-party without restriction on use or disclosure.

**13. GENERAL**<br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.1 <u>Relationship</u>. Lean20 will be and act as an independent contractor (and not as the agent or representative of Subscriber) in the performance of this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.2 <u>Assignability</u>. Neither party may assign its right, duties, and obligations under this Agreement without the other party's prior written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that a party may assign this Agreement without the other party's consent to a successor (including a successor by way of merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or operation of law) if the successor agrees to assume and fulfill all of the assigning party's obligations under this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.3 <u>Subcontractors</u>. Lean20 may utilize a subcontractor or other third-party to perform its duties under this Agreement so long as Lean20 remains responsible for all of its obligations under this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.4 <u>Force Majeure</u>. Neither party will be liable for, or be considered to be in breach of or default under this Agreement on account of, any delay or failure to perform as required by this Agreement as a result of any cause or condition beyond its reasonable control, so long as that party uses all commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove the causes of non-performance.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.5 <u>Governing Law</u>. This Agreement will be interpreted, construed, and enforced in all respects in accordance with the local laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without reference to its choice of law rules and not including the provisions of the 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Subscriber and Lean20 agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within King County, Washington for the purpose of litigating all such disputes.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.6 <u>Waiver</u>. The waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement does not waive any other breach. The failure of any party to insist on strict performance of any covenant or obligation in accordance with this Agreement will not be a waiver of such party's right to demand strict compliance in the future, nor will the same be construed as a novation of this Agreement.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.7 <u>Severability</u>. If any part of this Agreement is found to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid, the remaining portions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. If any material limitation or restriction on the use of the Lean20 Services under this Agreement is found to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid, Subscriber's right to use the Lean20 Services will immediately terminate.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.8 <u>Interpretation</u>. The headings appearing at the beginning of several sections contained in this Agreement have been inserted for identification and reference purposes only and must not be used to construe or interpret this Agreement. Whenever required by context, a singular number will include the plural, the plural number will include the singular, and the gender of any pronoun will include all genders. Any reference to any agreement, document or instrument will mean such agreement, document or instrument as amended or modified and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they will be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation." Whenever the words "hereunder," "hereof," "hereto," and words of similar import are used in this Agreement, they will be deemed references to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other provision hereof. The word "or" is used in the inclusive sense of "and/or." The terms "or," "any" and "either" are not exclusive.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.9 <u>Consent to Electronic Communications</u>. By using the Lean20 Service, Subscriber consents to receiving certain electronic communications from Lean20 as further described in its Privacy Policy. Subscriber agrees that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that Lean20 sends to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.10 <u>Contact Information</u>. The Lean20 Services are offered by Lean20, LLC, 10608 106th Pl NE, Kirkland, WA 98033. Subscriber may contact Lean20 by sending correspondence to the foregoing address or by emailing Lean20 at hello@lean20.com.</span><br/>
<span class="pl-2">13.11 <u>Entire Agreement</u>. This Agreement (including each Service Order) is the final and complete expression of the agreement between these parties regarding Subscriber's use of the Lean20 Services. This Agreement supersedes, and the terms of this Agreement govern, all previous oral and written communications regarding these matters, all of which are merged into this Agreement, except that this Agreement does not supersede any terms explicitly added to each Service Order, or any prior nondisclosure or comparable agreement between the parties executed prior to this Agreement being executed. No employee, agent, or other representative of Lean20 has any authority to bind Lean20 with respect to any statement, representation, warranty, or other expression unless the same is specifically set forth in this Agreement. No usage of trade or other regular practice or method of dealing between the parties will be used to modify, interpret, supplement, or alter the terms of this Agreement. Lean20 will not be bound by, and specifically objects to, any term, condition, or other provision that is different from or in addition to this Agreement (whether or not it would materially alter this Agreement) that is proffered by Subscriber in any receipt, acceptance, confirmation, correspondence, or otherwise, unless Lean20 specifically agrees to such provision in writing and signed by an authorized agent of Lean20.</span>

<br/>
<h6><em>Last modified 2021-01-14</em></h6><br/><br/>
